docs: HKDF. (#223)
cryspen/hacl-packages: docs/reference/evercrypt/kdf/index.md

# KDF

EverCrypt's Key Derivation Functions (KDFs).

Key derivation functions (KDFs) are used to derive cryptographically strong keys from an initial secret value.

## HKDF

HMAC-based Extract-and-Expand Key Derivation Function (HKDF) [RFC 5869].

> Similar to [RFC 5869], the following descriptions use the term `HashLen` to denote the output length of the hash function of a concrete innstantiation of HKDF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar to [RFC 5869], the following descriptions uses the term `HashLen` to denote the output length of the hash function of a concrete instantiation of HKDF.
```

The following instantiations are supported:

* BLAKE2b (`HashLen` = 64)
* BLAKE2s (`HashLen` = 32)
* SHA2-256 (`HashLen` = 32)
* SHA2-512 (`HashLen` = 64)
* SHA1 (`HashLen` = 20)

### API Reference

```{doxygenfunction} EverCrypt_HKDF_extract
```

Extract a fixed-length pseudorandom key from input keying material.

* `a` Hash function to use. The allowed values are:
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_Blake2B`, 
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_Blake2S`, 
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_SHA2_256`, 
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_SHA2_384`, 
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_SHA2_512`, and
  * `Spec_Hash_Definitions_SHA1`.

* `prk` Pointer to `HashLen` bytes of memory where pseudorandom key is written to.
* `salt` Pointer to `saltlen` bytes of memory where salt value is read from.
* `saltlen` Length of salt value.
* `ikm` Pointer to `ikmlen` bytes of memory where input keying material is read from.
* `ikmlen` Length of input keying material.

```{doxygenfunction} EverCrypt_HKDF_expand
```

Expand pseudorandom key to desired length.

> * `a`

Reviewer: Let's add *something* to the `a` here as well.
